v2.25 Mobile changelog (#7703)
mattermost/docs: source/about/mobile-app-changelog.md

### Compatibility
 - **Upgrade to server version v9.11.0 or later is required.** Support for server [Extended Support Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/about/release-policy.html#extended-support-releases) (ESR) v9.5.0 has ended and upgrading to server ESR v9.11.0 or later is required. As we innovate and offer newer versions of our mobile apps, we maintain backwards compatibility only with supported server versions. Users who upgrade to the newest mobile apps while being connected to an unsupported server version can be exposed to compatibility issues, which can cause crashes or severe bugs that break core functionality of the app.
 - Android operating system 7+ [is required by Google](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2017/12/improving-app-security-and-performance.html).	
 - iPhone 6s devices and later with iOS 13.4+ are required.

### Breaking Changes
 - In the Mattermost Mobile App v2.25 release, Mattermost has stopped supporting iOS versions 13 and 14. Users should update their iOS version to v15.1 or newer before February 14, 2025. See more details in [this forum post](https://forum.mattermost.com/t/deprecation-notice-ios-13-and-14-versions/21845).

### Improvements

>  - Added a feature for having a separate tab for **Drafts** on mobile.

Reviewer: I agree with clarifying if draft sync is local only on mobile for the time being

>  - Added visualization of custom profile attributes in the bottom sheet.

Reviewer 2: @Willyfrog @cwarnermm  Maybe "bottom sheet" is a too technical term for the end user? Should we say just "in the user profile", or omit it completely since "custom profile attributes" may already imply the user profile?

Reviewer 3: The problem is that it is not yet added in the my profile screen only in the bottom sheet, so I'm not sure how to make it non-confusing. But I agree is a bit technical
Maybe remove any references to where it is added.
Also this requires the feature flag on the server, does it need to be marked as experimental/beta?

>  - Added visualization of custom profile attributes in the bottom sheet.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - Added visualization of custom profile attributes. Requires server v.10.5 and feature flag enabled.
```
Not sure if we have referenced FF in the past, but to clarify this won't work just by updating the app. @amyblais feel free to adapt to the usual phrasing

 - Android: App logs will now show information from the native side.

### Bug Fixes
 - Fixed reliability issues with threads.

### Known Issues
 - Users are unable to adjust the font size via the OS font size setting.
 - Some Google Pixel phones on Android 12+ might not continue past the login screen. This is a known issue with the OS, and the current workaround is to restart the device.

> 

Reviewer 3: Add

> Samsung S22 might not display custom profile attributes correctly.

We are still investigating this issue

### Compatibility
 - **Upgrade to server version v9.11.0 or later is required.** Support for server [Extended Support Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/about/release-policy.html#extended-support-releases) (ESR) v9.5.0 has ended and upgrading to server ESR v9.11.0 or later is required. As we innovate and offer newer versions of our mobile apps, we maintain backwards compatibility only with supported server versions. Users who upgrade to the newest mobile apps while being connected to an unsupported server version can be exposed to compatibility issues, which can cause crashes or severe bugs that break core functionality of the app.
 - Android operating system 7+ [is required by Google](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2017/12/improving-app-security-and-performance.html).	
 - iPhone 6s devices and later with iOS 13.4+ are required.

### Breaking Changes
 - In the Mattermost Mobile App v2.25 release, Mattermost has stopped supporting iOS versions 13 and 14. Users should update their iOS version to v15.1 or newer before February 14, 2025. See more details in [this forum post](https://forum.mattermost.com/t/deprecation-notice-ios-13-and-14-versions/21845).

### Improvements

>  - Added a feature for having a separate tab for **Drafts** on mobile. The draft sync is currently local only on mobile.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Added a feature for having a separate tab for **Drafts** on mobile. The Drafts screen currently only supports local drafts on the device and not server synched drafts. 
```

### Compatibility
 - **Upgrade to server version v9.11.0 or later is required.** Support for server [Extended Support Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/about/release-policy.html#extended-support-releases) (ESR) v9.5.0 has ended and upgrading to server ESR v9.11.0 or later is required. As we innovate and offer newer versions of our mobile apps, we maintain backwards compatibility only with supported server versions. Users who upgrade to the newest mobile apps while being connected to an unsupported server version can be exposed to compatibility issues, which can cause crashes or severe bugs that break core functionality of the app.
 - Android operating system 7+ [is required by Google](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2017/12/improving-app-security-and-performance.html).	
 - iPhone 6s devices and later with iOS 13.4+ are required.

### Breaking Changes
 - In the Mattermost Mobile App v2.25 release, Mattermost has stopped supporting iOS versions 13 and 14. Users should update their iOS version to v15.1 or newer before February 14, 2025. See more details in [this forum post](https://forum.mattermost.com/t/deprecation-notice-ios-13-and-14-versions/21845).

### Improvements

>  - Added a feature for having a separate tab for **Drafts** on mobile. The Drafts screen currently only supports local drafts on the device and not server synched drafts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added a feature for having a separate tab for **Drafts** on mobile. The Drafts screen currently only supports local drafts on the device and not drafts synchronized with the server.
```

>  - Android: App logs will now show information from the native side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Android: App logs now includes enhanced logging for events that happen on the native (device-side) of the app which can be useful for troubleshooting issues related to Mattermost push notifications.
```
